In this session, we're going to talk
about the Transcribe service, and
how you can actually improve the
confidence level with the feedback loop.
My name is Ken Shek.
I'm the specialist SA, and
I also have my coworker Emmanuel Etheve.
He is a specialized solution architect.
So before we go into the details,
I wanted to show you
a couple of common-use cases in
the media-and-entertainment field.
If you look at the architecture here,
there are couple use cases that you
could use with our AI/ML services.
For example, you can use
recognition celebrity detections
face match to generate a sequence
of the market information and
you could use that for the video editing
to help the video-editing software.
And also you could use the moderation API
to apply a reduction on any
kind of unsafe content.
And of course you also have
a transcript service that could do
a speech-to-text to generate a subtitle
and which is what we're focusing on today.
And then last, you could also use the
comprehends to extract the sentiments of
the subtitle or you could use translate to
do a multi-language translation as well.
So you can have multiple languages,
different subtitles.
And also at the end you could have
all this metadata that goes into
the Elasticsearch engine and [INAUDIBLE]
you could generate a hot-search
capability for all this metadata.
For example, you could do a search for
flowers that will show all the video
that contains the metadata of flower.
While there are so
many different use cases in the AI/ML
area there are some use cases
more tolerant to a low-confidence
level of result, for example, hot search.
You could do a search for spaceship,
and in return you have a list of videos
that there might be a miss detection,
but that shouldn't be too much of
a problem because it's just a search
in recommendation of the result.
But there are also use cases that
actually require much higher accuracy and
much higher confidence of the result.
For example, if you're generating
a subtitle of the Transcribe,
what you really want it to do is you want
it to have a much higher accuracy and
much higher confidence of the subtitle.
And this is why we're doing the talk,
to see,
to help you to train the Transcribe
service with the feedback loop
to get the confidence level and
accuracy better with the result.
So with that I wanted to show you
one of the case studies that we did
which is actually how we started
with this prototype thing is
that there is a company they
are the In-home Fitness company and
what they do is they live stream
their instructor-led classes.
They live stream it to the customer and
what they needed to do is they needed to
automate the process of generating
subtitles and closed captioning for
two reasons.
One is, in the US there is a governance
reason that they need to provide
subtitles and closed caption, and
then the second reason is they wanted
to automate to minimize all these
operation costs and overhead as well.
So with that I'm going to
introduce Emmanuel, and
he is going to walk through the demo
with you, and then after that I will
come back to talk about how the
architecture looks like behind the scene.
Thank you.
Hi everybody, and thank you Ken.
Before we dive into the subtitle
use case that was mentioned
before by Ken,
I'd like to give you a quick disclaimer.
AI/ML tools that we have in the AWS
platform are no magic trick,
so remember that you need
to customize them and
to adapt them to your customer use
case for them to be efficient.
With that said let's have
a look at what we have here, so
this is a platform that can
developed in order to generate
subtitles automatically
from a transcription.
We already have a video here.
I'm just going to upload a second one.
So I'm going to upload this video, so
there's a few steps that we're
going to do when we upload the video.
So we are going to transcode this
video in order to have a proxy format.
Basically, we are just
extracting the audio track
because the video content is of no use for
Transcribe, and
we are also generating the transcription
from from this audio track.
So we can see here
the different steps that we
are going through in order
to generate that content.
Before I look at this specific content,
I'm going to show you a short
video that has already been
processed in our platform and
I'll come back to it afterward
showing you what has been done.
I just want you to pay attention to
the capitalized word in the subtitles.
>> Just wanted to run through
a quick proof-of-concept demo.
So we have Amazon connect.
We have a call coming in that's going to
hit Amazon connect, and the first thing
we're going to do is quickly play a prompt
that says press one to start streaming.
That's going to be done by Polly.
Once the customer presses one, we're
going to associate the call, the customer
audio with a Kinesis video stream and
start actually streaming that audio.
The next I'm going to do is invoke
a Lambda function to take the KBS
details like the ARN, the start fragment
and the timestamp and so forth and
put that in a Dynamo table with the
customer's phone number and contact ID.
I'm going to have a job application on
my computer that I will then start and
the first thing that that Java
application will do is talk to Dynamo and
retrieve the Kinesis information based on
the phone number that I have programmed in
that application.
And then it will actually go out
to Kinesis video streams and
start consuming that stream and
feed it over to Amazon Transcribe and
take the transcription in real
time of the customer audio and
put it out on my console,
so let's give it a try.
>> All right, so what you've seen
here in this particular video also
capitalized word are what we've been
providing through the feedback loop.
So we've built our own dictionary
adding some extra word to
help Transcribe to better
recognize a certain set of words.
If I go back into the content for
instance here, we have Java application.
If we have a look at what
was originally identified
we would have found a job application,
which is quite different
from what we are expecting.
So there are also other
interesting detections here.
If I browse my content, and I would like
you to pay attention to the acronym.
Recognizing an acronym
is a very hard task for
Transcribe because acronyms
are not actual words.
They're abbreviations, and by default
Transcribe we would not be
able to recognize an acronym.
So, we have a way to work
around that cave it by telling
to transcribe to pay attention
to sequence of words.
So when we are going to
create our custom dictionary,
we are going to tell transcribe to pay
attention to the sequence
of K space V space S.
And we are going to spell it
that way into the dictionary,
this way when transcribe
is going to pause.
The audio file is going to look and
wait for this sequence,
and if it matches that sequence,
then it's going to use
the acronym that has been provided
by the custom dictionary.
Before I move to the next video, I'd like
to show you how we achieve this result.
We did it by running several
iteration of the transcribe
service with a different set of
vocabulary in order to improve
the average confidence
level of the transcription.
If you have a look at the result here,
we started with %94.3
of average confidence,
and we ended up with a %95.3
of average confidence.
So we've been able by several iteration.
We've custom set of vocabulary
to improve the average
confidence level of
the transcription by one percent.
So I'm going to move to the next video and
while I explain to you
why this video is useful.
I'm also going to paste here
our custom dictionary that
we're going to use for
this particular video.
And here you can have some
example of the words that we've
identified that's going to help us to
improve the subtitles into the video.
I'm just going to submit it,
and why this is processed?
I would like you to pay attention to
what is being said in this video.
I'm just going to restart it.
>> Okay,
tell us which ws service [CROSSTALK
>> Absolutely, I love young lumber yard,
which is the game engine,
that's really good.
Most like history because
storage is fantastic.
And of course you should
really lam the whole things.
>> Cognito,
cognito [INAUDIBLE] technical way.
Yes Cognito is fantastic, API Gateway,
>> Media convert,
>> Media converters quite nice, but
it's not my favorite obviously
like elastic mapreduce or EMR.
No doubt database services
a good red shift.
I love Aurora and really like all
the different flavors of RDS.
>> Thank you David.
>> You're welcome.
>> So you can see we have a lot
of acronym in this video and
I'd like to go back to the beginning
of the video and to pause.
>> Absolutely, I love young lumber yard,
which is the game engine, that's really
good, most like history because,
>> So here were talking about S3 and
another limitation that we have with
transcribe service is
the recognition of numbers.
It just simply doesn't work currently,
we have transcribed.
So the way around this is
to spell out in a word.
So instead of using the number,
you just going to spell out
the number three in writing so
that transcribe is going to be able
to recognize or identify the number.
So in the particular use case of S3,
because it's an acronym and
a number you need to spell the S, and
spell out the word three and
tell transcribe to look for
this specific sequence in order
to recognize the acronym.
So if I look at the result of
the transcription that has been done here.
You'll be able to see that
S3 has now been identified.
Compared to what has been detected before.
You can also see that
the average confidence level
of the recognition is a lot higher once
we've used as a custom dictionary.
So remember, when you are providing
a demo to your customer,
you need to train your transcribe
in order to get a better result.
You need to adapt it to the use
case of your customer, and
training the transcribe service doesn't
need to happen at the top at all time.
You will only trend the transcribe
service at the beginning, and
once you reach an acceptable
confidence level you will be able
to roll the service into production and
let it work by itself.
You will always need human
interaction to complete
some of the words that
identified by transcribe,
but this tool will be able
to help you to speed up
the transcription of your content.
So I'm going to give
back the stand to Ken and
he will dive deep into what's
happening behind the scene.
>> Thank you in a Emmanuel.
So let us now look at what is
happening behind the scene.
So, as you see in the architecture bill.
When Emmanuel upload the video, this
is the path that is actually happening.
It uploads the video to the S3 buckets.
And then what it does is actually
trigger a state machine, and
then the state machine will actually call
out a Transcoder with me to convert.
And what it does is extract
the audio stream from the video and
then send the audio be streamed to
the transcribe to do the transcription.
So once it was done, the second pass is
where that in a while actually provide
the actual custom
vocabulary dictionary and
then to train the transcribe a little bit.
And this is actually the path that is
going through is it's calling out another
step function state machine and
then what it does.
The next thing is,
it will try to create a vocabulary
dictionary with transcribe surfaces.
And then once this is done,
then it will rerun the transcription
by starting transcription and wait for
the transcription to be completed.
And then at the end we collect
the result from the transcribe and
do our conversion from the transcribe
result into the webvtt subtitle.
Also, there is one thing that I wanted to
mention is that, in this particular demo.
We also uses another service called IoT,
and
the way that we use IoT,
we use IoT as a message broker.
And what it does is a publish/subscribe
surface that will actually
post all the messages from the backend
to IoT and then you will have
all these web connected clients
that subscribe to the iot surface.
We'll be able to get all these
messages asynchronously and
at the same time as well.
Let's move on to look into the actual
implementation of the state machine.
What you're looking at right now
is the transcoding state machine,
As I mentioned earlier, the transcoding
state machine does two things.
One, is it go through the media converter
to extract the audio bit stream.
And then second,
once the audio bit stream is extracted,
it will send audio to transcribe surface.
So transcribe will generate
that transcription result.
This is exactly what is happening.
There is a start transcode job, and
then we'll wait for the job to complete.
So once the transcode is completed,
what we actually do is we are actually
calling out invoke the next
sub- state machine,
which is the state machine
that doing the transcription.
And why we are doing that is because
then you could actually reuse
the same state machine and
build other use cases on top of it.
So let's look at
the transcribe state machine.
What you're seeing here is when we
start to transcribe state machine,
the very first thing that it
check is to see whether there is
a custom vocabulary or
dictionary being provided.
If it's no, then it will go through just
starting the transcribe and wait for
the transcription to complete.
And if there is a custom dictionary or
vocabulary provided,
what it does is actually it's going
to create the vocabulary set in
the transcribe surface, wait for
the vocabulary to complete.
And once this is done,
then it will go back to where it will
start to transcribe surface as well.
With that, I kind of wanted to show
you how easy it is in the backend with
the Lambda function and step function.
This is how you create
the vocabulary with node.js.
Couple things that I wanted
to highlight is, of course,
you have to give a vocabulary name, and
that vocabulary name needs to be unique.
And if it's not unique, then what you
do is actually instead of creating
that vocabulary in transcribe,
you'll be updating the vocabulary.
And then the way that you do
that is in the parameter.
You will see you set the vocabulary
name equal to the base name.
And then the base name will be
your unique vocabulary name for
that particular video, or
maybe a set of the video.
And then the next is how you actually
start the transcribe service.
Same thing,
there is only few lines of code.
The very first one is you need the audio
file name, and then what you do
is actually you provided the transcription
job name equal to the audio file name.
And at the same time,
if you see here in this particular code,
you also wanted to generate
a unique file name for
every transcription that you
create a transcribe job.
And then after that, you have an option
is if you have custom vocabulary or
dictionary, then you provide that
through the setting parameter.
And then you start the transcription.
And then the transcribe surface will
look into this parameter to see
whether that you have a custom vocabulary
to use to make it to pay attention and
pay focus on those word or not.
So the next one that I wanted to show
you is the transcription result from
the transcribe.
A couple things that I wanted to
highlight is that you will get a list of
items in an array, and then there
it will contains the start time and
end times of a specific word.
And you also get a confidence
level in the content.
For example, in this case, tell have
the confidence level of 100%, 1.0.
And then the start time is 0 and
end time is 0.25.
And how we actually take this result and
convert it into the webptt subtitle.
If you looked at the webptt subtitle
format, you also have a start time and
end time, then you'll have to tell
us which surface the sentence.
So what we do is we actually taking
the list of items returned from
the transcribe, and
then we'll stitch the words together and
then split it with the start time and
end time of the sentence as well.
So this is how we create a creative
webptt track for the subtitle.
So the next thing I wanted to show
you is the IoT, the message broker.
And as I mentioned earlier, it's
a publish/subscribe surface, and we use it
to actually send a synchronous message
from the backend to the web client.
So the way that you
create is quite simple.
The first thing you do,
create a thing by calling AWS IoT
create things and given a name.
The next thing is you create a IoT policy.
And in this particular policy,
what we do is we're giving it an action
as IoT and resources asterisk.
The third thing is you would
define a message topic.
This is the message topic
that your web clients or
your connected clients will subscribe to,
as well as the backend will be posting
the message to this particular topic.
It could be any name of your choice.
And then, the very last thing is also
very important, is that in order for
the web client, the kinetic
client to subscribe to the topic,
you need to give a permission
to that connected client.
So you attach a policy
to the connected client?
And this is how you do it.
So the way that you attach a policy to
a Kanedo user is to running the command
aws iot attached policy giving it
the policy name that we created earlier.
And then, the target is actually
the unique identifier of the Kanedo user.
So let's look at how the backend is
publishing the message to the IoT.
Here's the little code cipher.
If you look at it,
what you need is you need a topic,
the topic that we defined earlier.
And then, you'll have the payload.
And then, you also have the endpoint.
The endpoint is the IoT endpoint.
And then,
what you do is you just call publish.
And then, providing that topic and
the payload.
In this case,
is the text message is the payload.
Next, then, we will look into how
you're connected web client will
actually subscribe to the topic.
Before we do that, I highly recommend
that you download the IoT JavaScript SDK.
Here's the link from the GitHub.
And then what it does is actually it
does all this heavy lifting for you.
And then the way that we use it is we'll
construct an instance of the device,
providing the host,
which is the IoT endpoint.
And then, providing the client's ID.
It could be any name.
In this case, it's kanedouser.
And then, the protocol is WSS,
which is web socket.
And then, providing your usual
credential access key ID secret key and
sections tokens.
Then, what you're going to do is you will
have to listen to two of the messages.
The first message is connect.
So when it's on connect, what you're going
to do is you're going to call a subscribe.
And then, that's where that you
subscribe to a particular topic.
And the topic that we defined earlier.
And when you get the message,
when you subscribe to the message event,
then you will get the message when the
backend is posting the message to the IoT.
And that's the payload is where that you
could actually process the rest of your
workflow.
Now, let's take a look at the other
modules that we use media convert for
the transcoding.
So to create a job,
what you need to do is very first
thing is to create a IM service role.
And we'll talk about why we need that.
And then we'll define a job template.
In our case we are doing
a extracting the audio bit stream,
so the job templates will
be a audio output only.
And then we'll submit the job.
So the first step is to
create the IAM service role.
And why is it important is because you
need to give permission to the media
convert surface to have access to our
S3 buckets as well as API Gateway.
And then the way you do it is through the
command line is, aws iam create-role, and
then giving it the assume role
permission to the middle convert.
And then you attach the S3 policy to
that role as well as the API Gateway.
So what you actually do is actually
you allowing me to convert, to assume,
a role that have access to the S3
buckets as well as calling API Gateway.
Then you define a job template.
So in our demo what we actually
do is we have two outputs.
The very first output called m4a
is the audio only output, and
we do that to subscribe is to actually use
that audio output to transcribe service.
And we also create the second set of
the output, which is the impactful.
And why are we doing it is because
we generate the proxy file.
So you could upload any kind of
video file format, for example,
mlv, mp4, mxf, or wmv file,
and it will process it and
being able to generate a proxy file that
you could play back on the web client.
And here is a simple JSON file that you
can actually scan this QR code to download
the code of the template.
So the last step is to submit a job.
Media convert service actually has a
concept of Parisian per account endpoint.
So what you actually need to do is to
find out the exact endpoint that you can
submit job.
And how you do that,
you will run a command, aws mediaconvert,
describe endpoint, and then providing
the regions, because as I said,
it's region specific and account specific.
And what it does is it will
return the endpoint to you and
that's where the endpoint that
you will have to submit a job.
So to actually submit a job or
create a job,
then you'll run aws mediaconvert
create-job, and then providing the role,
the service role that we created earlier,
to provide access to S3 buckets.
And then we'll provide the endpoint.
The endpoint is from the described
endpoint that we run the command earlier,
as far as providing the region.
So here is the equivalent way
of doing it in the Node.js.
First of all, you create a instance and
call the described endpoint
to get the endpoint.
And then once this is done,
you will use the endpoint to create a new
instance of the media convert,
and then you'll create job.
By doing that what we are actually telling
the media convert instance is that
instead of using the default endpoint,
use the endpoint that we got
from the described endpoint API.
Okay, so there are couple few gotchas
that I wanted to share with you guys.
So transcribe actually support mp4 and
other file format, but
it does have a limitation
of one gigabyte file size.
So if you have an mp4 file over one
gigabyte transcribe with actually
will not process it.
So the way to do it is you actually use
media convert or elastic transcode or
even ffmpeg to simply extract the audio
bit stream from your source file.
Also, transcribe has another limitation
is two hours duration limitation.
Demo doesn't support it today, but
then what you could actually do is you
could actually split a long
file into smaller chunks,
like maybe an hour each, and then
you'll parallel process the transcribe.
Once you get the results back you can
actually stitch the results back together
with some post-processing lambda function.
The third example is working with acronym.
You could actually train transcribe
to recognize the acronyms.
But the way to do it is you actually
providing transcribe a sequence of
letters and asking transcribe to pay
attention to a sequence of letters.
For example, AWS,
then you will say a space w space and s.
In that case then transcribe will actually
pay much more attention in a sequence of
these particular letters.
And then as the result when it when you
get the results back from the transcribe,
you could actually remove
the space yourself or
you could just leave it as it is.
In addition to that you can also
train transcribe to work with number.
For example, if you have S3 or EZ2,
what you really want it to do is to
actually spell out S3,
for example, s space and
then T_H-R-E-E to spell out numbers and
then to create that custom vocabulary.
And then once you get the result,
then you actually have a post
processing lambda function
to do a mapping of mapping S3
back into the s number three and
provide that into the subtitle tracks.
So if accuracy is the top priority,
consider to use Amazon Mechanical Turk
to outsource the air check
the final edits process.
Last but not least, also create
a dictionary or a collections of
vocabulary per instructors or speakers or
could be a sequence of movie.
For example, if you have Star Wars,
Lord of the Ring, you could actually
pre-create those vocabularies and
dictionary, then you can fit that into
the transcript surface to allow it to have
a much better result of the transcription.
This concludes the presentation.
My name is Kenny Shaq and
my colleague Amo El Edith.
Thank you for watching.